Have you prepared use case Process design?            
          Yes. we have an architecture ready to present.(already slide)
If Yes give summary of process design and its usability?
          This microservices architecture allows for each service to scale or update using the deployment of service proxies 
	      without disrupting other services in the application and enables the rapid, frequent and reliable delivery of large, complex applications.

                Microservices Architecture
                Application is broken into modular components
                Application can be distributed across the clouds and datacenter
                Adding new features only requires those individual microservice to be updated
                Network services must be software-defined and run as a fabric for each microservice to connect to

What are the different front-end systems which will be part of your use case design?
   
   We will use react and redux to design out front end portal.
   
Are the basic User interface design templates ready ?
    We are still preparing it.
    	 
•If  yes, then share separate UI template design which has been created for each process activity?
    will share sooner, we are still finalizing the screens.
    
•Have you created robust process level Architecture design ? If yes ,then does it include below components ?
        
	•Integration touch points present in the solution.
	       a.) stateful microservices
		   b.) ingress controllers
		   c.) MQ's. Due to not available on ibmcloud for free, we will use NAT messaging which will also a containerized architecture.
	•Deployment architecture of the entire solution. (on-prem/on-cloud)
	       a.) on-cloud - ibm.
		       blockers: due to number of services present in our architecture, we wanted to store our images in IBM container registry which will allow only 512MB of storage for free tier
		   b.) if so, we will demonstrate in AWS or in localhost single cluster kubenetes.
	•What are the list of components used in designing the architecture?
	
	       fill based on other teams.
		   
	•Which tech stack will be used for data storing and is it included in process architecture diagram?
	
	       a.) React
		   b.) Redux
		   c.) Nodejs
		   d.) NAT messaging
		   e.) dockers
		   f.) kubernetes
		   g.) bootstrap 5
		   h.) mysql
		   i.) mongodb
	•What are the creative and innovative approach you will apply in the process design?
	
	       a.) a microservice architecture that will scale well and works independendly
		   b.) effective use of RAM and CPU using containerization
		   c.) HA
	
	